release: v1.45.0 (#4962)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_njm_p_681_pr_tweaks.md

> ### Performance tweaks of Apollo usage report field generation ([PR 4951](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4951))
> 
> Improves performance of the Apollo usage report signature/stats key and referenced field generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Performance improvements for Apollo usage report field generation ([PR 4951](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4951))

The performance of generating Apollo usage report signatures, stats keys, and referenced fields has been improved.
```
